                                                              Perception and Ability

“Success is understanding where you are, deciding where you want to be and making positive steps in that direction.”
The first step to deciding where you want to get to is understanding where you are.

No generation has ever known the limit to human creativity, the human potential, what is truly possible. I believe the two factors which comprise the human potential are:
Our perception (capacity to assign meaning and understand our situation)
Our ability (capacity to manipulate the variables that surround us)
I believe ideas are the building blocks which allows advancements in perception and ability. Each step along this progression was directly connected to the creative ideas of the time.

The advancement of human evolution every step of the way has been a progression upward on the spiral of perception and ability. In the present we find ourselves on the beginning of the exponential boom of perception and ability.

The way our ancestors lived, the way that crafted our physical bodies and minds is vastly different than the way we live today. Millions and millions of years of evolution the amount of change we encountered was gradual, our perception & ability was like that of the animals we see now.  The amount of events that go on in one day in the modern world is equal to the amount of change that would occur in millions of years in the past. The amount of change we experience is viciously beaming upwards and there is.

Each step of the way the human potential was created by perception and ability.  With each step the individual has inherited greater amount of power. Each step of the way we only scratched the surface of what is possible. Today our perception and ability has manifested a potential that is incomprehensible. How different our situation is how much opportunity we have is truly amazing.

Contextualizing the human situation. It is this concept is what I have become passionately fascinated with. It is this concept that I believe allows us to more deeply understand human psychology and make the most meaningful decision of how we want to live our lives. 









                                                                      Attention

“I believe ideas are the building blocks which allow advancements in perception and ability. Each step along this progression was directly connected to the creative ideas of the time.”

Information is the raw data which we manipulate to craft ideas. To craft more ideas is to allow further progression of perception and ability, of human potential.

Our reality is infinite in every direction. Today the amount of information we have at our fingertips is paralyzingly massive and is only expanding faster and faster.
The freedom we have to interact with this ever expanding mass of information is the greatest achievement of humanity that we have to offer. The instant communication across the world in real time. The ability for anyone to upload their own picture of reality. This capacity allows a breeding ground for ideas that is the most powerful tool humanity has ever created.  

This tool which is unmatched in all of human history is in a hand held device in which everyone can harness how they will. It is you who is doing the typing, clicking, uploading and downloading. It is you that watches, listens and reads. It is you that has the freedom to consume all this material as you please. It is you who assigns meaning to this data and you who has the capability to create new ideas. You have the freedom to pay attention to anything you want to. Never before has what the individual desired had more of an impact on the reality we inhabit. 


